This presentation will cover how to use kexec in PV domU, with no
changes to dom0 or Xen, in order to be able to boot your own kernel, no
matter what the hosting provider is forcing you to run. This is good to
be able to take advantage of new kernel features that have not hit the
enterprise distributions yet (cgroups, O_TMPFILE, etc.and to fix known
kernel problems as soon as you are aware of them, no need to wait for
your overworked hosting provider to update the kernel for you. This talk
will go into how the kernel was modified in order to get this to work
properly, and how the kexec tools were changed to make it happen. In the
case that this all turns out to not work at all, I will discuss why this
is a failed plan that no one should ever waste their time on again. 






kexec

	Ability to load and run Linux from within Linux
	No need to reboot back to the BIOS/hypervisor
	Must faster boot time
	commonly used for kdump

kdump
	kernel crashes
	kexecs kdump kernel
	kdump snapshots memory, writes it to storage
	reboots

kexec and xen
	works today in some configurations
	dom0 only
	xen dom0 -> xen dom0
	xen dom0 -> linux
	linux -> xen dom0

We want domU Linux kexec

Why?

Linux as a bootloader

Creating system images for cloud providers is hard
	no common tools
	each vendor has special configurations
	boot command line changes hard
	openstack is not going to save the world

ChromeOS "Safe" system updates:
	small stable bootloader, picks the image to run
	two copies of system images, read only
		fallback if one fails
	one big dynamic partition with data

	bootloader picks system image to run

Can't change bootloader command line options for cloud providers easily,
if at all.

	Make Linux be the bootloader
	small bootloader partition
		- kernel boots
		- reads partitions
		- mounts good one, kexec kernel in that partition
		- less than a second delay.
	Works wonderfully on bare metal, ram disk (PXE), and KVM.
	Not Xen
	Xen sucks

Xen domU kexec support

Written originally by Daniel Kiper <dkiper@net-space.pl>, sponsored by
Acunu Ltd.  Written to support kdump in EC2 images.  Old instance of Xen
(2?), very old kernel (2.16 based.)



